<h1 class="converter">TomapClassifier</h1>

## Synopsis

Converts a classifier for <a href="../module/TomapProjector" class="module">TomapProjector</a>.

## String conversion

Path to the file generated by <a href="../module/TomapTrain" class="module">TomapTrain</a>.

## XML conversion


  Path to the file generated by <a href="../module/TomapTrain" class="module">TomapTrain</a>.
  The following attributes can be used to specify the [algorithm parameters](https://github.com/Bibliome/bibliome-java-utils/blob/master/src/main/java/fr/inra/maiage/bibliome/util/tomap/ToMap.md):
  
* `graylist`: path to a file containing the graylist of non-significant heads.
* `empty-words`: path to a file containing stop-words, tokens will be ignored in the computation of similarity.
* `whole-candidate-distance`: if `true`, then computes the similarity with the whole candidate term (by default: with the significant component).
* `whole-proxy-distance`: if `false`, then computes the similarity with the significant component of the proxy term (by default: with the whole proxy term).
* `candidate-head-priority`: if `false`, then only looks for significant components of candidate terms in modifiers (by default: also looks in head).
* `proxy-head-priority`: if `false`, then only looks for significant components of proxy terms in modifiers (by default: also looks in head).
* `score`: similarity metric between candidate and proxy terms (by default: `jaccard`, the only value accepted).
* `default`: default identifier for rejected candidates (by default rejected candidates will not be searched for).
* `no-exact-match`: if `true`, then skip exact match step.



